以下是一个机器学习比赛的赛题解答。题目描述如下：
输入的数据是篮球队的队名，编号和各种所有重要或不重要的细节信息，如
Team ID's and Team Names
- Tournament seeds since 1984-85 season
- Final scores of all regular season, conference tournament, and NCAA® tournament games since 1984-85 season
- Season-level details including dates and region names
- Example submission file for stage 1..

1. Season - indicates the year in which the tournament was played.
2. DayZero - tells you the date corresponding to DayNum=0 during that season. All game dates have been aligned upon a common scale so that (each year) the Monday championship game of the men's tournament is on DayNum=154. Working backward, the men's national semifinals are always on DayNum=152, the men's "play-in" games are on days 134-135, Selection Sunday is on day 132, the final day of the regular season is also day 132, and so on. All game data includes the day number in order to make it easier to perform date calculations. If you need to know the exact date a game was played on, you can combine the game's "DayNum" with the season's "DayZero". For instance, since day zero during the 2011-2012 season was 10/31/2011, if we know that the earliest regular season games that year were played on DayNum=7, they were therefore played on 11/07/2011. Also note that the men's and women's data share the same DayZero each season, although the women's championship game is not necessarily played on DayNum=154
3. RegionW, RegionX, Region Y, Region Z - by our competitions' convention, each of the four regions in the final tournament is assigned a letter of W, X, Y, or Z. Whichever region's name comes first alphabetically, that region will be Region W. And whichever Region plays against Region W in the national semifinals, that will be Region X. For the other two regions, whichever region's name comes first alphabetically, that region will be Region Y, and the other will be Region Z. This allows us to identify the regions in a standardized way in other files, even if the region names change from year to year.

1. Season - the year that the tournament was played in
2. Seed - this is a 3-character or 4-character identifier of the seed, where the first character is either W, X, Y, or Z (identifying the region the team was in) and the next two digits (either 01, 02, ..., 15, or 16) tell you the seed within the region. For play-in teams, there is a fourth character (a or b) to further distinguish the seeds, since teams that face each other in the play-in games will have seeds with the same first three characters. The "a" and "b" are assigned based on which Team ID is lower numerically.
3. TeamID - this identifies the id number of the team, as specified in the MTeams.csv or WTeams.csv file

1. Season - this is the year of the associated entry in MSeasons.csv or WSeasons.csv, namely the year in which the final tournament occurs.
2. DayNum - this integer always ranges from 0 to 132, and tells you what day the game was played on. It represents an offset from the "DayZero" date in the "MSeasons.csv" or "WSeasons.csv" file.
3. WTeamID - this identifies the id number of the team that won the game, as listed in the "MTeams.csv" or "WTeams.csv" file. No matter whether the game was won by the home team or visiting team, or if it was a neutral-site game, the "WTeamID" always identifies the winning team. Both the men's data and women's data will identify the winning team id by this WTeamID column. The same note applies to WScore and WLoc below - these are "W" for "winning" and not for "women's".
4. WScore - this identifies the number of points scored by the winning team.
5. LTeamID - this identifies the id number of the team that lost the game.
6. LScore - this identifies the number of points scored by the losing team.
7. WLoc - this identifies the "location" of the winning team. If the winning team was the home team, this value will be "H". If the winning team was the visiting (or "away") team, this value will be "A". If it was played on a neutral court, then this value will be "N".
8. NumOT - this indicates the number of overtime periods in the game, an integer 0 or higher.


还有更细节的东西如下：

1. WFGM - field goals made (by the winning team)
2. WFGA - field goals attempted (by the winning team)
3. WFGM3 - three pointers made (by the winning team)
4. WFGA3 - three pointers attempted (by the winning team)
5. WFTM - free throws made (by the winning team)
6. WFTA - free throws attempted (by the winning team)
7. WOR - offensive rebounds (pulled by the winning team)
8. WDR - defensive rebounds (pulled by the winning team)
9. WAst - assists (by the winning team)
10. WTO - turnovers committed (by the winning team)
11. WStl - steals (accomplished by the winning team)
12. WBlk - blocks (accomplished by the winning team)
13. WPF - personal fouls committed (by the winning team)


这个题目的输出，也就是比赛的题解，是预测2025年的篮球比赛每一场比赛的结果。

Submissions are evaluated on the Brier score between the predicted probabilities and the actual game outcomes (this is equivalent to mean squared error in this context).


现在请你总结python文件中的题解。你需要总结：
1.该方法是用何种（回归/机器学习）模型完成任务的？
2。该模型是从哪个库导入的？（eg。 sklearn）

3.简要介绍该方法的梗概，和出彩的地方，
如：该方法读取数据后进行了整合（或清洗，或计算了二级指标，如果有的话），并且使用xx模型完成了任务
4.2句话以内极为简短地介绍该（回归/机器学习）模型